[musics]
wh
Boob
Yes used cars that you can get a car cheaply
Tower by working in a sales specialty store
The
Oh yesterday I went to name Bong
Ryotaro Uta
next week
Iya'a' was this kind of
This time is the manager
Small and medium-sized tea sales specialty stores that are good to wait for the recovery of the weather and inferior to every type
Likely to fly the tax Odaiba line
[musics]
This school manipulative that taught about the path specific hospitality of the way and by type of car Benefits
java No. selling point the desire to Let Yes bobbin Kunu car is not
Will do everything everywhere
Well cut out in the game is the word for that of his hole
It was blackened
Fukuhara will have a total of 9 feet
We are going to go you have a row or are in
Thank you very much
There wrote sugar tea Ya Te where white I WoW Mage there could climb
Thank you
200 blue nasai
I greetings towards the staff family to be your care today learned a tight sales street here
That's why one day fire strike school members today
There is a little more there is no Do not part Japanese not such do is I'll go together to
From the mass
That kind of support you guys together is not Japan
Today's day
from the n
And yes So everyone thank you behind the scenes thank you to Shi wish to Ma Mars
Finally practice First grandson knee
Time weapons have
It will be the flight after the tpp fishing cooperative so tomorrow
It is only fishing ground window
ni
This car life
I still
Urine data called injection
I want to see 10
You should believe and celebrate
It is new car well love
It is similar to a person, but the assessment of the used car is also done by phone
Eric will be in charge of reception on the phone
What Oh has that woman is Ozaki
I say it is thin
From top to bottom
I It is a model
It was hard
Hmm
I hope you are grilled or not, but it seems like it is a hoped price
There is no
Mr. Stone
Your wood carving glass
Zu' from Ippoi
And finally Bobby
Good luck to catch the crown since the server
The web is really sick
In Iuwake
If you go out of the dobby you'll look cute but with water you 'll try to go down
It is a pumpkin
What a feeling like this, is it a price? Is it now easier to find the beach
Cage Now seems likely a Detsu
Just easy to bend
Ha ha ha different different Well then waiting for it 's such type Chochoｰwhat I described 6 little
Please give me
I 'm surprised that this is a little kind
a day 15 degrees side because it is here
The end of the end
It was easy to get angry by jumping out of the middle of the wheel
jr 6 February
I have a car
Can be pet
Daimon is queen uc not
At PANET GAIN, new students are recruited through program websites etc.
Let is try for the whole 6 now the second time Mr. state said
First of all, Pierre from France
How much is pr
It is Hadachi is striking, but the mother I was a mother but a
Hale's Datte would day not a naked is why I came to Japan exchange student from France University
It was raw
Eastern European students
About cd car unreleased woman
Ah ah ah ah
You come to bother Shirishin exchange
me
So we by it from earlier ridge of First
It is a member and par 1 p and par 3 hey yeah
Which country is it ? It looks like Africa
Certainly it is a tits
How about Japan Husky sells
It looks like it's open
How old are you now 34
Apu Riperi 4
34 I had imagined of Saab's corner 34 Summoner
I wish you a temple not hard
Yes I have a short story
Come Tan from Ne kept'll say this your hand softly
[musics]
Do you Regards is Well Tameya's Russians
I was not saying whether the Haruhi
What is Emma 's work
My sister is in Russian order
[Laughing]
ni
The is no any questions from students is I Yes Bobby's work for work wake waking work
The main mother Oh 6 Is
There are to you
See you then
whore
Ah ah ah ah
me
Is n't it cute ?
[applause]